An inner class is a class declared inside the body of another class . It has access to all the members (including private)
of its outer class.

Types of Inner Classes
* Member Inner Class
* Static Nested Class
* Local Inner Class
* Anonymous Inner Class

Member Inner Class : As the name suggest wil be the member of the outer class. This is treated as other members of class
like fields and methods. This member inner class's object is initialized using the outer class's object. Each inner class
object will be different for different outer class. If the Car's object is created with the model toyota, then engine will
be created specifically for toyota using this object. This inner will eventually become the property of engine.
Inner class is associated with instance of outer class
instance of inner class only be created with help of instance of outer class
How inner class object is created:
  OuterClassName.InnerClassName obj = outerClassObjName.new InnerClassName();
  outer class object must be created first

Static Nested Class : The inner class belongs to the outer class rather than the instance of the outer class.
Inner class instance is not dependent on outer object. USB is a part of computer, a separate device independent of it.
USB can work with different computers and their objects. The memory is saved and can be shared by all the outer objects.

Anonymous Inner Class : Object of Interface cannot be instantiated but can be used to create a implementation class, see
new Payment() {
            @Override
            public void pay(double amount) {
                System.out.println("Paid " + amount + " using credit card.");
            }
        }
    this is nothing but an instance of Payment Type, an instance of an implementation class created on the fly
To create an object of implementation class on the fly without explicitly creating it, when you have to implement an interface
without creating its separate implementation class or extending a class without actually creating a subclass.
Anonymous : because no name is given to this class, used immediately after creation. After Java 8 we can provide lambda expression also

Local Inner Class : Creating class inside a function. Further no need to care about the inner object creation, It is created
inside a function and used. The local inner class is tightly coupled with function and its invocation. This class can access
the members of enclosing class, if designing separate class validator then it would  require passing members of outer class